Rapid7 alert_types vip issue (#28222)
demisto/content: Packs/IntSight/ReleaseNotes/3_0_5.md

#### Integrations

##### Rapid7 - Threat Command (IntSights)

> - Changed the value for `VIP` value in the param **alert_types** to be in lower case to fix API wrong value issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the value for `VIP` value in **alert_types** to be in lowercase to match the expected value in the API.
```
